What languages are required for the project/ What’s the tech stack?:

There is no note of certain language requirements and/or tech stack details.

Short description of what the project is:

This is a check-in system meant for students entering a lab. The UI would display an
iconographic grid indicating if a student is trained to use various equipment around
the lab. These icons would change colors to indicate the said status.

It would also facilitate/track safety waivers and emergency contact status for fast
retrieval by an EPL manager in emergencies, marking a person as "trained" in the system.

Is it based on a previous project?:

Yes! This builds on the previous ECE capstone RFID badge reader system sponsored by
the EPL.

Is there a similar type of project already in existence?:

The doors at PSU already have the ability to read keycards and give access to buildings
based on what the user has requested (ex. 24-hour access to EB), so there might be some
inspiration there! In our case, we might display information of the card rather than
provide access.

What is the scope of the project?:

It doesn't seem like something too large. The ECE capstone has already set-up a foundation
in terms of hardware, and we're just coming in to assist with the software side of it all.
However, it seems he also doesn't want us to go overboard, just wants us to provide room
for the program to grow larger and support more, so it might be a good idea to follow that.

What are the goals of the project?:

1. Create a UI that is simple and displays qualifications information to both students/managers.
2. Using PSU ID cards, read + store training details of the scanned person and provide tools if
   they show correct qualifications.

How many features are we required to implement?:

1. The ability for badges to be scanned
2. Screen displaying name and icon map of different categories of training
3. Ability to sign a safety waiver
4. Record of who scanned in that day, alongside their credentials (accesible only to lab managers)
5. Allow students to see how to get training, and who to talk to in the lab for that information
6. Give the ability to extend to other machines, perhaps potential to lock out users from machines
   that they aren't trained for?

Is it a more front-end based project or back-end?:

Definitely seems like a more front-end project. We're looking to design a UI, along with
providing a visual based on data recieved. There's no note of a full-on website (although that is
their goal, a mid-long term one).

What kind of hardware/software is required if any?:

We need to be able to utilize PSU's RFID chips contained within every ID card.

Are there any foreseeable issues developing the project?:

The idea of working with RFID cards might be a concern, alongside the fact that we have to operate
on the machine that scans these cards, and we don't have the details of those quite yet. We don't
know what languages it'll support, how it'll be attached and operational, etc.