Q1: What languages are required for the project/ What’s the tech stack?

A1: The framework is React with Typescript as it is built ontop of JS, helps reduce errors and 
good for project scaling.

Package management tools are yarn and npm

yarn: A package management tool that allows you to add packages quickly and while offline. Saves
package keys in a .lock file for quicker run times when calling on the packages. 

npm: Also adds packages to your repo but not as quick as yarn, has few extra steps.

Uses Prettier formating to keep code consistent throughout the code base.

Styling of page was written in HTML and CSS

2D game graphics done with Konva a HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that use libraries to allow graphics to be created in web page.


Q2: Short description of what the project is

A2: The Stakeholder for this project is looking to have a play through tutorial added to the already implemented
game Isle of Trust. It currently is a simple text document that describes how the game is played. 

He also wants the game to be more played through story telling. Sounds like he wants to update how the game
is played and the stories involved for different scenarios. Said in proposal video that he is confused by 
how the game reacts sometimes. 

The ultimate goal for this is to teach ethical choices to people and have an educational but fun game to use

Q3. Is it based on a previous project?

A3. Yes a capstone group created the backbone of the game with graphics, AI for the game play and 
story line. They have decent sized code base I'd assume. We would have to work with learning how the 
game was structured when they were coding it.


Q4: Is there a similar type of project already in existence?

A4: Yes I found a game called quandary that gives storylines of issues and you have to figure out how to 
resolve while people have differing opinions.

https://www.quandarygame.org/play



Q5: What is the scope of the project? 

A5: 
- We would need to learn the code base and be confident and comfortable to work with it
- We would need to design a playthrough tutorial and figure out implementation
- We would need to talk with the Stakeholder and figure out how they want to change the gameplay
- Design and implement the new gameplay features. 


Q6: What are the goals of the project?

A6: Design a playthrough tutorial for end users. Implement more features/elements into the gameplay.
    Push the game to be more educational and to be used as a fun tool.

Q7: How many features are required to implement?

A7: Basically 2 features but the advancement of gameplay and functionality will probably create
more features as we go over design with Stakeholder. 

Q8: Is it a more front end based project or backend?

A8: This project would have a lot of front end especially with designing the tutorial in the begininng
but I also do see back end being very important when it comes to editing the previous teams game AI to
add more gameplay features and scenarios. 

Q9: What kind of hardware/software is required if any?

A9: React and libraries like Konva

Are there any foreseeable issues developing the project?


Prisoner's dilemma game theory problem to help teach ethics 

Want a tutorial play through of the game instead of having a text description of directions to play