What languages are required for the project/ What’s the tech stack?:

There doesn't seem to be a hint as to any languages required or a tech stack.
However, it is notable that we'll want to work on a webpage, and as a result
may require tools to do that in itself.

Short description of what the project is:

This project is an anonymous feedback system, allowing users to provide comments
and/or suggestions anonymously. These comments would be able to be read by the
chair and/or instructors without identifying the sender.

Is it based on a previous project?:

There is no previous project, only a previous external service used.
Unfortunately, this external service went away so we can't see how the service
worked for the department previously.

Is there a similar type of project already in existence?:

Mark has provided us https://www.incognea.to/ as something to possibly look at,
but this project is not intended or expected to replicate/imitate this site.

Google forms already provide this aspect of the request, although simplisticly.

What is the scope of the project?:

The scope of this project initially is simple, completing something similar to
Google forms shouldn't prove too daunting of a task. However, adding multiple
features is where the difficulty lies, and increases the scope of the project
to a very high level of complication.

What are the goals of the project?:

1. Give users a chance to provide anonymous feedback while ensuring that the
   recipients have a way to organize and respond to these messages.
2. Ensure that this system is scalable to very high levels of feedback.
3. Create a webpage widget/mobile app as a way for users to provide feedback
   and/or manage a user account.
4. Design a tool to automate the task of deploying the system on a new server.

How many features are required to implement?:

1. Allow users to send comments anonymously.
2. Give recipients these comments without disclosing user data.
3. Allow users a chance to direct comments to certain email addresses while
   maintaining anonymity.
3. Provide authentication to reduce spam.
4. Create a UI dashboard for the recipient, allowing them to switch between
   multiple feedbcak channels, and mechanisms for organizing incoming messages.
5. Implement a notification system for recievers to alert them of new messages.
6. Automtic sentiment analysis that can tag incoming messages based on the mood.

Is it a more front end based project or backend?:

This is a mix of both. We're working on a website, which requires both front-end
and back-end. Similarly so if we do go through with an app.

What kind of hardware/software is required if any?:

No notable hardware/software was mentioned in the project brief, but since we are
designing what seems to be a website/mobile app, those come with their own set of
tools and requirements.

Are there any foreseeable issues developing the project?:

- The conversion from website to mobile app might prove tricky, as the two are very
  different.
- Authentication might prove challenging, as nowadays there are many ways of confirming
  authenticity, whether that be through Google, phone, or even PSU's version of two-factor.
- Automatic sentiment analysis may require the use of an API, which may not be accessible.