Research Questions for Projects

What languages are required for the project/ What’s the tech stack?
This will vary depending on the features we choose to implement/iterate on. 
Note that  additional languages, frameworks, etc may eventually be added due to the fact that the team from the 
previous term is still working on their project.

    Frontend: 
    MaterialUI
    Typescript
    Tailwind.CSS
    React.JS
    Redux

    Backend:
    Typescript
    Node for runtime environment
    Express framework
    Auth0 and Passport for Authentication 
    Postgres, Prisma and TypegraphQL for Database management
    Stripe is the Platform used for managing payments.
    Bcrypt for Hashing

Short description of what the project is
    Wonder Tix is a new in-development ticketing and donor management system for Portland Playhouse (PPH). 
    Currently Wonder Tix is using Salesforce and the goal is to develop Wonder Tix into a much easier to use system. 
    Wonder Tix is an iterative project with each proceeding team working on one or more features of the software.
	
Is it based on a previous project?
    Yes, five previous teams have designed projects for this system.  
    Each sequential project iterates and adds new functionality onto the current system.

Is there a similar type of project already in existence?
    The project is intended to be an improvement and replace PPH’s old ticketing and donor management system, 
    Patron Manager which is based on the Salesforce Platform.

What is the scope of the project? 
    The project scope focuses on developing individual features and modules for the software.  	

What are the goals of the project?
    Features not yet implemented include:
        Ticket Exchange (6 Weeks): Develop a feature to allow admins and Season Pass holders to exchange tickets for a fee

        Season Tickets (6 Weeks): Users can purchase season tickets which give them an amount of tickets to redeem for any show. 
        Note that certain shows are not eligible for redemption and there are multiple tears of Season Tickets

        Reporting(2-3 Weeks): Implementing reporting functions to gain insight on various statistics using a database schema.
        Note that certain report functions are already implemented.  
        
        Integration Testing(2-3 Weeks): Only a few modules have been unit tested, there is a need for testing for end to end.
        
        Integrate user data into database(1-2 Weeks + Not High Priority): Transferring old user data to WonderTix’s database.
        
        Bug Fixes (5 Weeks + Not High Priority): Work on fixing edge cases not solved by previous groups

How many features are required to implement?
There are a variety of features that need to be implemented but we are not expected to implement them all.

Is it a more front end based project or backend?
This will vary between features but most seem to focus more on front development.

What kind of hardware/software is required if any?
No specific hardware.

Are there any foreseeable issues developing the project?
Deciding on working on too many features could lead to us not being able to finish all of them.
